You can open your browser as well as the developer tools, ensure that you have console open, look
at the errors refused to frame.
It's giving me a tutorial because it violates the following content security policy directive frame,
source, self.
Yeah, we have our first external source that needs to be added to our CSP player Vimeo dot com.
I'm going to copy the link adris copy the address, switch to your text editor frame source self Niva
space after the apostrophe of self and add the URL.
When you add the you are all you can remove the slash at the end and in this case I'm not going to leave
it as https player dot vimeo dot com.
I'm going to remove player and add and Asterix back to the browser.
Refused to load the image giving me a new URL because it violates the following CSP directive image
source.
We have self and data.
We need to add this URL to our image source copy link address.
You can switch back to your text editor image source self data.
There's a kolon after data Devah.
Space and paste the URL.
All you want is the domain secure gravity dot com.
Same with Vimeo, remove, secure an ad and streak's.
Switch back to your browser, refused to load the image.
It's the same you URL, we can ignore that, refuse to load the script.
The next wave dev dot discussed dot com violates the following CACP directive, the script source.
We can copy the link.
Switch back to your text editor, script source, self unsafe in an unsafe eval to the right of the
apostrophe and the euro.
Remove the specific file.
We are also going to remove the next web dev ad and air.
So these are the areas that appear on the front page of our site.
Select the entire CSP in your text editor and copy back to terminal.
You can change to either the global or the includes or the include files directory and then using that
to open the CSP underscore domain dot com NFR.
You can go to the line that contains the default CSP control K, remove the entire line and paste the
updated CSP.
You can close neno saving your changes to the configuration sudo Ingenix hyphen t Tastee successful.
You can reload Ingenix back to our browser and refresh.
We have no errors generated in console, let's click on one of our post titles.
Now we have additional resources that we need to add, refused to pre fetch content.
One, two, three, four.
Back to the text editor.
We don't have a pre fetch source, so we need to make use of the default source refused to pre fetch
content from giving me one, two, three, four.
You URLs violates the following CSP directive default.
S note that pre fetched source was not set, so default source is used as a fallback.
If I look at the URL https discuss CDN, discuss cdn, discuss CDN C.C.C..
So I only need to copy one copy link address, switch back to my text editor.
Default self to the right of the apostrophe.
I can paste to you url we only add the you are rel we don't add a specific file.
HTTPS, C dot, discus, CD and dot com, you can remove the C and add an extra.
So that's the first three taken care of.
We also have https, discus dot com on its own.
Copy that you are well to the right of the existing, you are only the space.
You can then remove the reference to that specific far refused to frame, it's giving me a U.
RL because it violates the following CSP directive frame, source, self and the URL Vimeo.
We can select the link frame source to the right of the Vimeo URL Yuva Space and paste.
The dotcom select the entire CSP and copy vector terminal.
We need to open CSP underscored domain dot com net go to the line that contains the CSP header control
k remove and paste the updated SEECP.
You can close NENO saving your changes to the configuration test.
Successful reload.
Ingenix refresh.
Now we have a few more errors.
Refused to load the script discussed CD dot copy the link violated the following CSP Directive script
source.
Switch back to your text editor.
He keeps strict statistics, dot com, and it's added in the script source refused to allow the stylesheet
a copy.
The euro violates the following SEECP directive style source to the right of style source, self unsafe
in line to the right of the apostrophe and euro.
Same procedure, subdomain, remove the subdomain and add an extra.
You can select the entire updated copy and copy block by client, block by client, block by client.
That is my ad blocker.
With the ad blocker disabled, those errors are removed switchback to terminal.
Same procedure, again, you need to open your domains CSP file.
Remove the existing CSP, add the updated CSP, close the file, save your changes.
Test the configuration if the test is successful, reloader Ingenix, back to your browser and refresh.
Refused to connect to giving me a URL because it violates the following SEECP directive, a connect
source, self copy, link, address, switch back to your text editor connect source self.
I'm going to leave that you are out as it is links, dot services, dot discuss, dot com, same procedure
again, select the updated CSP pasted into your CSP file on the server, reload Ingenix and then continue
testing your site.
Reload the browser, no errors.
Back to our home page.
Refused to load the image, giving me a euro because it violates the following SEECP directive, image,
source, self data, you are all we need to add would be https asterisks, dot discuss, dot com, refused
to load the image or giving me an additional URL https.
The euro we would need to add would be esoterics dot discussed cdn dot com.
You need to continue in this manner until you have added every single URL.
You need to go through, every single post, every single page.
There could be a resource that's not loading on one particular page.
You need to work your way through your entire site.
You also need to check the back end of your site.
I've opened the dashboard, refused to load the image it's giving me a new URL, violates the following
SEECP directive image source here that you are URL you would add to the image source would be https
as Strix dot dot org.
I cannot emphasize how important it is that you review your content security policy frequently.
It is not something that you can simply set and forget.
You need to review the CSP after changing themes, adding a new plugin, whether it's a WordPress,
a theme or a plugin update, you need to review the CSP using console the process of monitoring your
content.
Security policy is an ongoing process.
In this lecture, we configure the content security policy for our WordPress site.